XIAOTIAN LIN 

Week 1 
team building. I created Jira and GitHub accounts. 
I also found the team and discussed with the team the project that our team will complete. And all available software tools and libraries for the project.

Week 2 
Determined the tasks we each need to complete.
Together with Yongbiao Zhao, I wrote the User Stories and Sprints section.
I am responsible for the front end. Familiar with Javascript, CSS, HTML, jQuery, Ajax, JSP, MySql and other technologies.

Week 3
Discuss the task details with the group.
A total of the required pages, the specific look of the page.
Together with Yongbiao Zhao, I designed the E-Prototype.
Together with Yongbiao Zhao. Designed HTML and JSP file pages for login and register.
Together with Yongbiao Zhao, designed the top page, which contains the logo designed by the two of us, and added an option to change the password.
Together with Yongbiao Zhao, designed LeftMune, which contains the main functions and pages we will design in the future.

Week 4
(continue)Together with Yongbiao Zhao. Designed HTML and JSP file pages for login and register.
(continue)Together with Yongbiao Zhao, designed the top page, which contains the logo designed by the two of us, and added an option to change the password.
(continue)Together with Yongbiao Zhao, designed LeftMune, which contains the main functions and pages we will design in the future.
For login and register pages, I adjusted the color of the page.
I adjusted the size of the border.
I adjusted the layout of LeftMune HTML and JSP page.
I adjusted the size and position of the input box for login and register.
In the "my profile" column, I completed the Mybooking HTML and JSP pages.
In the "my profile" column, I completed the My Meeting HTML and JSP pages.

Week 5 
I attended the demo show.
Together with Yongbiao Zhao, we revised the layout and content of LeftMune together.
The instructor gave us a lot of effective suggestions, we decided to add an additional landing page, and this page must contain a lot of pictures to make it more interesting.
Modified the bug of the changepassword page, because it cannot jump normally.
In the "my profile" column, I completed the HTML and JSP pages of Notifications.
(continue)In the "my profile" column, I completed the Mybooking HTML and JSP pages.
(continue)In the "my profile" column, I completed the My Meeting HTML and JSP pages.
Fixed the bug:
1. The position of the user name and password input interface is incorrectly adjusted, occupying the position of leftmune, resulting in typographical errors
2. The format of the password input box is incorrect, it should be a standard password input, that is, the input information is hidden

I finished Search Employee Page, including HTML and JSP, it can search for the conference you want to find by name and account as keywords
I finished Book Meetings Page, including HTML and JSP. It can fill in the meeting information by clicking the scheduled meeting. 
it also can add the start and end time to the meeting information to ensure the timeliness of the meeting and express the content of the meeting by filling in a simple meeting description


Week 6 
(continue)I finished Search Employee Page, including HTML and JSP, it can search for the conference you want to find by name and account as keywords
(continue)I finished Book Meetings Page, including HTML and JSP. It can fill in the meeting information by clicking the scheduled meeting. 
it also can add the start and end time to the meeting information to ensure the timeliness of the meeting and express the content of the meeting by filling in a simple meeting description
Together with Yongbiao Zhao, we have completed the design of firstpage HTML and JSP page so that it can effectively connect to login and register.
In the ‘Meetings’ column, I completed the Add Meeting HTML and JSP pages.
In the ‘Meetings’ column, I completed the Check Meeting Rooms HTML and JSP pages.
Fixed the bug:
1. After logging in, the top page does not display the user name of the user who has logged in
2. During debugging, there is no difference between the leftmune of the user and the manager
Fixed the bug:
3. In ‘My booking’, the table’s length, width, and height are not reasonable and need to be debugged
4. In ‘My booking’, some examples need to be included in the form
5. View details jump failed, error code 404

Week 7
This week's demo shows that we learned the style of the page that the tutor wanted, so we decided to revise our page again.
I plan to revise all pages again, including adding pictures, scrollable pictures, and options that can automatically pop up.
Perfection has increased the number of cases where Jira is not enough, learned how to use Jira, and added dozens of messages.
Together with Yongbiao Zhao, Yibo Wu, I finished below jobs:
1. Designed a brand new main page
2. The new main page includes a new registration/login entry
3. The new main page can see part of the conference information currently available in the conference system
4. The main page can see the basic information of the company team
5. The new main page can jump to the registration page, which includes the registered name, email, password, subordinate department
6. The new main page can be directly logged in, through my user name and password
7. A new jump button is added, which can actively jump to the main page under any page
8. All pages can be adjusted with page zoom
Fixed bugs below:
1. The main page rotation picture does not automatically rotate
2. The size setting of the main page picture does not fit the page size
3. Some pictures failed to display
4. The login/register page needs to add a background image
5. There is no login error message on the login page
6. The registration page lacks department options

week 8
Continue unfinished work last week and prepare demo
Completed the following tasks:
As a manager, I hope that when I add a meeting, I can see the specific address of the meeting, which is displayed in the form of googlemap
Improve the final report, code, and prepare for speech.
Fixed bugs below:
The registration page does not have the function of jumping to the main page

week 9
Completed the following tasks:
Improve the recommendation system.
Increase homepage details, including details, team details.
Increase the map api.
Fixed bugs below:
The login page does not have the function of jumping to the main page

week 10
Completed the following tasks:
Add real cases.
Add front-end comments.
Add back-end comments.
Fixed bugs below:
Part of the detailed button typesetting error (too large)
Prepare final speech and PPT.
